Docs (#4)
crossplane-contrib/provider-bitbucket-server: README.md

# provider-bitbucket-server

`provider-bitbucket-server` is a [Crossplane](https://crossplane.io/)

> Provider that is meant to integrate with the bitbucket server APIs.

Reviewer: lowercase P? 
```suggestion
provider that is meant to integrate with Bitbucket Server or Bitbucket Data Center APIs.
```

It does not support the API for Bitbucket Cloud.

The scope of the current feature set is to provide enough resources to provision CI/CD pipelines.

## Configure

> Create a secret containing an API token (go to Profile, Manage account, Personal Access Token), and configure a Bitbucket Server ProviderConfig with a BaseURL pointing to your bitbucket server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a secret containing an API token (for a personal token, go to `Profile > Manage account > Personal Access Token`), and configure a Bitbucket Server ProviderConfig with a BaseURL pointing to your bitbucket server:
```
